WorkHub OS is shown with synthetic, resettable data. No real employee or production environment appears.
The seeded admin path opens the role-scoped operations dashboard.
The task register is the manager-side source of truth for assignments.
The launch-readiness record exposes its assignee, assigner, priority, due date, and discussion.
The employee dashboard confirms that login did not start activity collection.
Work Mode explains the explicit, reversible session boundary before consent is given.
Starting a session enables session-scoped activity. Calls request media separately and just in time.
The employee sees the same manager-owned assignment and moves it into review.
A safe progress update is persisted in the shared task discussion.
The employee explicitly stops Work Mode before signing out.
The administrator sees the persisted review state and employee comment.
Tests, builds, audits, and scans support a local prototype claim—not production readiness.
External providers, production operations, privacy approval, and credential rotation remain explicit gates.